Hello, I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, where are you from, the city of
Voronezh?
you want to talk with Ukrainians
But as a rule now everyone talks about the war,
well, let's talk about what interests you.
They don’t understand at all,
I’m not a military man, but I have such a question
. For almost a year,
Russian troops have been fighting on the territory of Ukraine
And all that
And a lot of Ukrainians  they say
that I want to go to war, I want to fight, but
they don’t take me,
but why is that, that is, if there are
enough people in the army, then How does it happen
that within a year it’s not possible to
completely liberate Ukrainian lands,
see I just said a little that
Russian troops are on the territory of Ukraine
A  where is the region of
Donetsk
wait again a minute you are now
n  talk to yourself about
criminal liability Donetsk
Luhansk region according to your Constitution
This is whose territory according to the Constitution Yes
they accepted according to your Constitution where
once again
as a Russian you say that the troops on the
territory there blah blah we also have the most
Crimea you had troops on the territory of
Crimea you  thought it was Russia 1
think that Donetsk Lugansk region
where on the territory where your troops are on the
territory that you do not consider yours
consider Ukraine
So you decided to leave This portion correctly
understand that you decided to leave just not I
now I want to figure it out, I
want you to  the question is just some kind of
misunderstanding. I want to figure out that the troops of the
Russian Federation do you consider these
areas to be yours, wait, I’m talking to you
now as you are to me as a
person from the Russian Federation. I’m just
confused. I’m afraid that now you
’ll talk
about crime.  for you,
this is the territory of the Russian Federation,
really,
let's call it that  tell me In what
areas of not Russia, yes, Russian troops are now located
, I will answer
you after you answered that, not you
told me that on the territory of
Ukraine where there are Russian troops on the territory of Ukraine I will
ask the question again Maybe you didn’t
hear I heard look you  they said that
Russian troops are somewhere on the territory of Ukraine
and then the question is
you first tell me where on the territory of
Ukraine the Russian troops are now on the
contrary now Ukrainian No look
now Ukrainian troops
invaded the territory of the Donetsk
People's Republic, which in Russia
is part of the Luhansk People's Republic
Our troops occupied Kherson  and you are
Putin as the Guarantor of the Constitution
Our troops occupied your Kherson your
constitution is a Russian city
an integral part of the Russian Federation
which is no different from Voronezh
and we were very surprised We thought that
when Putin included Kherson in
Russia we would be scared of nuclear
strikes for taking your  territories we
calmly took the whole world understood, then
look What is the difference between Kherson and
Voronezh in nothing Well, you agree This is the
same subject of the Russian Federation of the
Kherson region of the Voronezh region is
true This is not equivalent subjects of the
Russian Federation Well according to the Constitution
according to the Constitution Yes this is a new region
Wait in the Constitution The guarantor of the
Constitution is Putin  Yes, it must
ensure the integrity of the
Russian Federation, so look, we
Ukrainians captured your city of Kherson,
we showed the whole world that it is possible to
seize territories that Russia
considers its own and nothing will grow for this,
absolutely nothing can continue,
we are preparing to seize Crimea, seize
Donetsk, Lugansk is yours and  we thought about
missing Belgorod,
but if you want to say about Voronezh, let’s say how I don’t want it at all,
it’s
not interesting, it’s not interesting, it won’t be possible
to capture Voronezh Why, let’s have already
come here Germans Hungarians Italians
Hungarians
here the second army of Hungary was
completely
destroyed 400 thousand Germans destroyed 100 tons  a thousand bribes captured and they didn’t succeed so you have such forces for one city, you understand, Voronezh must have become probably three times larger than a millionth city, you understand There will be no opportunities to correctly understand that a year ago the Russians proved that they would take for Kyiv for two or three days And now they are proving that you cannot capture Voronezh before the propaganda I say correctly that no one told me the Russians a year ago you can’t capture such questions, they didn’t even stand I’m correctly Ukrainian I understand correctly I also understand correctly I understand correctly that you justified yourself that we can’t crests can’t capture Voronezh is true Well, yes Well, well, yes, I just answer and it turns out that a year ago no one even thought to tell that you couldn’t capture Voronezh And now for some reason you are explaining to me a Ukrainian that you won’t be able to capture Voronezh because it’s right, for example, for you there will probably be such news in three days
who didn’t want to conquer no one at all For how many days they wanted to conquer, I understand, you can look at us misinformation, we have TV channels turned off there, we watch only a single marathon And tell me For how many days they wanted to conquer Kyiv, they didn’t want to conquer at all Putin voiced this I don’t know But why they they want a nuclear bomb there, it was interesting why the troops entered Kyiv, it’s interesting, but you are like a military man Tell me even a military man Why don’t I listen when we are not military men who did not serve you Tell me why Russian troops went to Kyiv in a lot of areas It was you think it’s a mistake That is, you didn’t serve in the army, but you think that it’s a mistake, how are you that some kind of well fell out there? I don’t understand how to attack cities at all I can’t help but watch our people say that our people left Kherson at the beginning of the type of this war they left, I can’t say correctly, I don’t have it  data is not a ratio on the basis of what you Expert say What is this a mistake you put your opinion why I think so when a limited contingent entered there Yes Ukraine is limited as much as I think there is around 200 thousand we have 900 thousand army regularly two and a half reserve armies, the rest of the storerooms further further Well, listen, I’m interested in fairy tales, what for what they went there if they were for what they went in. It was a mistake because they stretched this 200 thousand at all for what they went in what was the purpose of what was the purpose of the trip to Kyiv If not to capture him, you say there was no purpose to capture Why did you come then so that you would kill 50 percent of your paratroopers there Well, look, if you don’t believe me, from yours now Well, how to say combatant, that is, it turns out on your television, this official military commissar is Tatar Tape and Svinchuk they say Yes, from the beginning of the invasion to mobilization, Russia lost 40-50% of Russia remained
professional military airborne officers Special forces elite That is, it turns out your leaders simply decided to distract somehow from something near Kyiv at the cost of the death of half more than even half of their paratroopers It's not me saying this here on your television It's not us fakes you want our Ukrainians on your television your encor Solovyov listen on our television you know what you can hear No look if it were not true If it were not true it is a criminal liability spreading fakes about the Russian army I can say that 5000 people died there and others there are suction well, look at this military correspondent and war correspondents which are in the topic But that’s good And how many then do you think died there On what exactly now, from the beginning of the special operation to mobilization, how many Russian paratroopers died in percentage terms I say I showed you your military correspondents on your television to a huge audience they say that the fact was hushed up before we just  this
has already been voiced now and you are starting to talk about it,
this information comes out that
40 50 percent of the
personnel of these units are left
where did they go?
they are being mobilized Look, I’m just
if I think that yes, it’s possible this is
fake information and all these Soldiers are
alive and everything is fine, but why then they
catch these mobs who are absolutely
incompetent, they are taken away by
Wagner convicts Because there is no one to fight That
is, if with a contract
if with this with  everything is as
good as contract servicemen, they remained the same as they were,
so why recruit 300 thousand there, it’s
mobiles to recruit these uh, how it is
convicts like why,
but it is necessary to separate the regular army from PMCs,
just the second sense of which is your
state structure, in fact,
just illegal She  on its own And
how can some
structure by itself How like convicts Can it
pick up on someone based on
without a state What agreements do you have with the state of a mercenary your state is making a fake army Tell me about these Paratroopers What happened to them and which Paratroopers entered the Kyiv region it is not clear why something Divert to Kharkov in the Kyiv region lost half of this personnel Yes, and fled in the Sumy Kharkiv region Look, the fact is that you once ran, if you run fast you need to take a break, then you still have to run absolutely the same war We, as two non-military people, I’m not quite an expert, do you think that the army should bring down bring down bring down I think what’s regrouping bringing down regrouping it now look you were kicked out of Kyiv Kyiv Zhytomyr Chernihiv region then everyone asked what And what next And then they were kicked out of the Kharkov region from the estuary of the Donetsk region and the Kharkov region there in general they threw as much as they threw equipment and then they won all all this no more will be in a couple of months  rson was expelled from Kherson before you
or now you will tell And
so on now it’s still
certain further there will be either a top
or what happens in stages when we
Well, when, well, when we left,
that is, preparations have left You left
Kharkov, preparations left Kherson,
preparations will now be  prepare for
another retreat, they give us Abrams and
leopards there, this is preparation for a new
gesture of goodwill,
seriously, that this is how they can change the
course Look, I’m a goof in military affairs, but I see
that you’re a loshara in military affairs That
is, if you think that modern tanks are
not  it
changes how many khaims gave us
1000 or not, some units Yes, but
how they changed the course of the war, though the
result of the liberation of Kherson is a
point work Hammer himself and according to yours we
dispose of the ammunition depots
and departed in Makeevka, remember that on New
Year's Eve it was in the Makeevka vocational school  where there are 300
or more mobs like dead
officially 80 Have already found a grave found 96
sites Where they find buried
photographer  comfort And so on, everything is taken into account, but
there were more Yes, it’s just that many cannot be
identified
than
they flew in, the heimer himself and then
flies
how much time you need
to run
there.  then little time passed,
but from Kherson
there, in my opinion, the month of September is October, I don’t
know for sure October, in my opinion, now it’s already
February, there’s no progress at all,
you don’t have it, super, yes, according to you After
how many months, if you walk on a chair,
plus how many months you need if  expelled
from one region After how many months
you need to be expelled from another what
regulatory military it is Tell me
If you have the strength, then
as I say again Expert at least they did
n’t serve
even more no Expert nevertheless it
seems to me People so if uh the military
act competently  so they just drive
their own Well, yes, they are preparing an offensive in
such a way as to do it with minimal
losses, as they did in Kherson,
I think now, since  winter now there are
no direct very strong offensives with
ours from your side there is a lull in
any case,
I don’t understand the Russian language, I
understand why a person is less
competent, he thinks winter is not winter, do you think
that you have a gestabbe We have
people dumber than you  Yes, no, you said so
no, you know better for them yes, when it
comes when it comes if
Let's put it this way if I express
my opinion it doesn't matter It means
that I think that I'm right, unlike these
military men No of course I'm just expressing
my own  what is your opinion based on
? it was interesting that I see a larger opinion that now there are no
active introductory ones.
You have some education for some time
that you think that there
could be an offensive in winter, but near Voronezh there were
offensives in the winter in World War II,
yes, that is, then they could attack in winter  And
after how many years they can’t already
now you think that 600 thousand are fighting, it
turns out that in your opinion, once in the Second
World War, winter could come  And now something can’t come winter now they say then there were military operations now they are gone The problem is that your exhaler is completely how our army operates, they don’t break us so that everyone is dead, that is, the operation is correctly planned to prepare correctly and then you yourself run away run away from the Kherson region Why Because this is a military science when Yes I'm an Expert I'm an expert in the escape of Russian soldiers Well look Let's fact Russia ran away from the Kyiv region ran away ran away from the island of Snakes it was a pancake at the beginning of the year Here you see every two months something then there the submarine drowned shorter Moscow Yes, from Kherson And so on And what What has changed or have you broken through again somewhere you are leading that you have changed, let's do it if I'm wrong the mouse in fact the mouse is how two amateurs simply The factor operates I see what over the past six months, Ukraine only beats off beats off Russians Russians die in short run away Why can’t you master
I’ll tell you more. We
couldn’t fight all of Ukraine in 9 years. Our war
began in 14, you occupied Crimea and
part of
Crimea.
The
Union How many years it took to liberate His country from
the Nazi invaders in the first
year, no, the
truth is the same for more than 4 years, the
Germans attacked the Nazis attacked, they
attacked, and then they drove out the same
thing, Russia was attacked by the Nazis and now
absolutely SLR Putin Hitler attacked
Putin attacked Hitler gave gave
Putin’s teeth are absolutely the same absolutely
the same mouse on the facts we are talking about
hostilities you started Hitler started
you didn’t I didn’t turn off
you attacked Hitler attacked you got hit in the teeth
you got stuck then
shot yourself Putin for Well everything is logical the
story is just like a carbon copy I
at least  I don’t support Putin there from the
age of 11 until about but compare Putin’s Hitlers,
but it seems to me that this should be lowered
Why why is the same See here
on  let's say at the
state level Putin had an
ideology beyond race I'm not saying I did
n't talk about special races about concentration camps I was
talking about an attack on a foreign country
Hitler attacked the USSR
Hitler attacked the Soviet Union Putin
attacked Ukraine Putin
can be allowed here
This means that  it’s Nazi
no,
I’ll show you exactly the parallels of Russia
and specifically the parallels of Hitler’s
Germany
captured foreign countries Russia
captures foreign countries there is
Hitler, see Hitler captured Poland
so that Russia captured part of Ukraine
once upon a time Yes, and it was
capturing the Earth until now, yes
Kievan Rus was there  from the 9th to the 13th century, and
we live in the 20th-21st century, where
there was no soap in Kievan Rus and your ancestors
ate with dirty hands Yes, even if you
lose your ass with toilet paper
, something else already exists
in Tsarist Russia, you were serfs  you
have batags in your asses there And now you seem to
be citizens like that Well, they also clap
You and the Russians
when the Russians were
with you  Now there is
Tsarist Russia,
you were Well, yes,
Russians were
Russians, what do you
look at in the Russian Empire, who lived
Russians
Well, who are also not Ukrainians of
Ukraine
Yes, and Finns What was the name of the citizen who
were you Russians Now, for example, Chechens
Chechens live in the Russian Federation Yes,
what is the name of how the assembled team
the name of those who lived in the Russian
Empire,
you need to google it. I now live in the Russian
Federation, Russians Yes,
in the Russian Empire, who lived of
different
nationalities And by belonging to the
state,
someone again
Chechens who lived under the Russian
Empire Chechens who live under the
Russian Federation, they are Buryat Chechens there
who lived under the Russian
Empire of the Russian Federation, they
Buryats here and there Well, now the Buryats and Chechens are
Russians, and under the Russian Empire they
were
filed by whom they were simply subjects of the tsar, the
Russians appeared only in the ninety-
first year, yes,
as the civil nationality
Danin appeared there a very long time ago, it
turns out shorter  Russia  There were
no Russians at all
We digress on history Let's
get back to the attack, that is, Putin attacked
Hitler attacked Hitler himself annexed
part of Poland
absolutely absolutely
part of
Ukraine again let's
Hitler attacked Poland attacked Putin
attacked Ukraine attacked the first parallel Putin
part more
annexed to  attached to yourself
What is the difference it’s not important that the reason
is not important at all the very fact that someone
attacked the reasons you can all think of
just any reasons you want, so I
understand that if the fact of the attack means
it is in any case the aggressor is he
to blame Well, look if  we are looking at the
aggressor seized and it is to blame there Well,
if roughly speaking the Soviet Union
attacked Nazi Germany
it would be Absolutely true The
Soviet
Soviet Union already did it in 39,
it attacked Poland together with Nazi
Germany The Soviet Union attacked Poland
Germany grabbed one part  more
Soviet Union another part of the Soviet
Union was already an aggressor on F  Finland in
39 attacks, I say that the state in
which the Soviet Union lived, it was
predatory And don’t you agree with
this,
you need to choose, as it were, less
Stalin is less evil than Hitler the
rest Or you can not choose evil
at all then there was no other option In the sense of
another option  That is, it turns out,
except that it’s impossible for a normal ruler to live in your country,
yes, like, and not
some kind of goner who
burned people there in concentration camps
, it
turns out that you now
legitimize Stalin just like
others say Putin normally, look
, the
First World War began  from the year 39, and Stalin’s
repressions, the murder also began earlier in
337, however, there was
even no war even
like that or not in the
seventh year What three in the seventh year is
not later than 37 38 38, it seems, if the
essence is that Stalin’s repressions were
long before the war Yes, and  it was the Soviet
Union that became weak because of yours, that all the
military leaders and the
intelligentsia were shot, what was it
Yes,
Okay, what is it in history, yes,
let's get back to the present, yes, it
turns out that you support this
war against Ukraine
in no way personal. But I think that
two fraternal peoples are fighting.
peoples
now oppose the Russians against the Ukrainians
so
since when did the Russians in which the
Buryats go Chechens become with us
The people you have now are not specifically the Russian
people Russia Russian is
now
bringing Buryats Chechens to the war
Mariupol Chechens there in the Luhansk region
somewhere to us a brother in what to us Fraternal
consonant
here are all the Croats, all these are Slavs Yes, but the
Chechens and Buryats What
does it have to do with us then? That is, it turns out now,
well, look, the Poles are helping us, and the
Chechens and Buryats are the Chechens, the Buryats. And
about the Russian Ukrainians, wait.
multinational companies of the Russian Federation are fighting
there, not only Russians
come Yes to kill people in Ukraine  and they’re not
drilling, these are containers Chechens Bashkorts are
fighting there Well, wait, Russian, including
yes,
that is, there is no vegetable nation
Open your Constitution and look at you
Russia is a multinational people a
nationality that you don’t have a
Constitution of any non-
titular nation there is nothing like that You have
a multinational  the people are not the
state of Russians, this is a
common multinational state, everyone passed
there is no titular people,
we’ll think of it now,
there is Russia, a
huge territory with completely different
peoples, so there are Airat Kalmyks and
Bashkorts, Turks and Mongols And so on,
why are you and I Brotherly people
and Ukrainians, let’s fight like that
Russians or Russians are
really with us, here are the citizens of Russia, these are Russians,
you
start humanly
Russians correctly
I think you have nothing humane
I want to say that I am against the war I believe
that Russian Russians are fighting
Russian Ukrainians they are fraternal peoples
because I was in  Ukraine How do you
define  how to define the Fraternal
Leningrad people
We are very closely interconnected
historical you know You have
relatives
Russians and Tatars are fraternal peoples
Well, here you are historical Russian Tatars
Fraternal peoples Russian Mari fraternal
peoples
Well, here it’s just so very Small we are
talking about big Russian Chechens
fraternal peoples Russians
there are no Chechen fraternal peoples Because there are different mentally What
does the mentality of the Tatars mean, too, that the
Tatars are not so mentally
not Well anyway, it’s also there they
confess Islam Generally different The people of your
Slavs I say
you are neighbors with the Poles
How you were in the same state there
were Russian empires  Poles
we were all something Poles for you are not
Fraternal people Why Because they
have always been against the Russians we have
always been against the Russians
And when we were for the Russians tell me
and there are Russians inside
you have a super there come on so the ninth century
where was Moscow where was Moscow
in the 9th century it wasn’t so super where was your Voronezh in the 9th century Why when I say anyone start talking because it just shows who Rus' is. Kyiv, so the people who are the people who live here are the heirs of those people who lived under Rus' Yes, Voronezh, where he was in the ninth century, let's say Voronezh could never be good Why are you telling me now if you survived in the barracks Moscow and Muscovites also lived in the swamps there is no Rus' there. Moreover, it seems to me that the capital to Kyiv from where it came from is not where it was in Kyiv, everyone is like that. why new and why Kyiv Yes, that’s exactly the city that was older than Kyiv was called Novgorod, don’t you think something is interesting when in the ninth century in what ninth century did it form  in what year how do you know that the 9th century was formed Where did you read Ok Google come on Google So look if you ask about Novgorod there are no Slavic archaeological balls on the territory of Novgorod in the 9th century Slovenia If you say that the capital was transferred from Novgorod to Kyiv When and who transferred the year Well, when did anyone transfer, let's go a historical character, then they came up with Rurik at the age of 15 So well, Prince Vladimir was such a Kyiv son of Svyatoslav and Svyatoslav Who is the father of Svyatoslav Igor Igor Igor who we have Igor is Igor but Igor is a real character a real character Igor is a real character Olga is a real character This is unknown lived there yes look Igor can be traced from the annals you now want to say something about the Tale of Bygone Years that it says that Oleg there he came from Novgorod And so on Yes, this is a Tale of time
th years it was written after 300 years After these, that is, historians That's it, historians check these things with parallel sources, there is no such thing, so there is no Rurik either, see Not Svyatoslav, not Igor, not Vladimir, they were never called Rurikovich, the name Rurikovich they came up with later for you When you have when it became a German, the Germans began to rule Russia, so Catherine and So further it was necessary to make the Norman theory of Rus' that these normal ones came. If you even talk about Rurik Rurik It would be nearby this is a specialty this is the Swedes Swedes Dance these are also different stories there is someone says that -the Swede, someone says Varangians, this is how the Black Sea is called the Russian Sea and the Baltic Sea is called the Varangian Sea Varangian, therefore the Varangians are the Vikings, this is Dante, the Swedes who were now we are Rus', look again our territory was once called Rus', then it was called yes Then it is called Now it is called Ukraine also What is yours called there by some  then there is the
Muscovite kingdom then Peter
renamed it the Russian Empire, he
came up with
if you look it was Rome, an example is now
what is the name of the territory where the
heirs of the Roman Empire live
Italy
and now there is a state of Romania
Romania Write Roma Rome
Does Romania have anything to do with ancient Rome or
Italy has something to do with  we call ancient Rome
Romania
I mean that the Romanians have
nothing to do with ancient Rome, but the Italians
have absolutely the same and we now
have some kind of alliances called not as they
were called A thousand years ago we are
called the state of Ukraine They
call Italy used to be and you are now
also How the Romanians accepted us to
cling to him there also Peter in
1721 accepted the Russian Empire somehow to
cling to you now Call yourself
canoe but this will not mean that you
claim the inheritance of the canadian true
this is a real story well when Peter
1721 Peter founded the Russian
empire as it was called before
Russian  Moscow kingdom no Moscow all Moscow kingdom yes Well, the difference was the Moscow kingdom in the word Moscow kingdom you can hear Rus' No, it’s all over When the Tatars again, what does the Moscow kingdom, which was later renamed the Russian Empire, have to do with our Rus', here we live in the territory where there was Rus', a person from Kyiv lives where Belarus and in Moscow no Rus' was misunderstood that if you were in the state of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, you also have something to do with Lithuanians, or here Lithuanians can claim against you according to you, damn it, we were here we were with Lithuanians in the same state, but we don’t call ourselves Lithuanians because of this, people who lived in the swamps in the Vladimir Suzdal state were with us in the same state with the capital of Rus' But from this they are not also called Like the Tajiks who were in the Soviet Union, they now call themselves Russians true and you are Russian I am Ukrainian No, well, your ancestors are Russian My p
rare were my ancestors were Cossacks and then they were different yes if during Rus' they were called Rusyns And before that there Polyana Drevlyans smile Russians in what century see the term Russian modern This is not the Rusin that was before there was not let's do this prince Svyatoslav called himself Russian that he is Russian I don’t know, they were called And by nationality, Russians didn’t call everyone in what century they started Calling themselves Russian, it’s just a very long time ago residents of Moscow in the Moscow kingdom They didn’t call themselves Russian, though the concept of Russian appeared in the 9th century if they appeared in the ninth century why, in the 14th century, the inhabitants of this Moscow principality were not called Russians for centuries Yes, everything is changing, they stopped Calling themselves Russians Russian residents of the Moscow kingdom did not call themselves Russians you started to call yourself Russian, this is the question when you start  e Ukrainians in the 20th century, for sure, we in the 20th century, for sure, we already called ourselves Ukrainians. That's what I can say for sure. Well, when you started calling yourself Russians, you started calling yourself Russians, we looked at the inhabitants of the Moscow kingdom did not call yourself Russians And when did you start Calling yourself Russians 19 That is, in the 19th century you came up with the idea that you are Russians and now you claim from this that you called yourself the word we are now Russian and from this you claim to be Rus'. And we named it with the Ukrainians. once again, the Russians appeared in the 19th century, such a name did not have such a concept, see In the ninth in the ninth century Open and there were Polyany Drevlyans northerners tribal system was still in the ninth century there was no national identity it didn’t start it was a multi-tribal state Drevlyans lived there and so on it was all different tribes were not Then they began to unite but none of them named
Russians didn’t have such a concept of the country called the inhabitants of this new state, for example, in Rus' they lived there for a month they called the tribes and paid tribute to the tribe from the tribes Pay tribute then they said I there Novgorod didn’t have any national identity here you have this national identity you appeared you say the 19th century It’s not me who said it you say the 19th century before the 19th century no one said I am Russian Russians and now you were called Russians in the 19th century and now you are all Russians absolutely right Yes, in the ninth century no one heard about the name Ukrainians Russians lived here Glades Drevlyans you have here you Voronezh was a Khazar there are some Khazars in Moscow There were some other tribes living there in the swamps further on we have our legs we happened on this territory we formed as a separate nation You have you passed through the swamps you are like another nation Let's talk about the swamp Belarus there is a swamp there is a swamp too yes you when You talk about the swamp you talk about Be  larus No,
I'm talking about those distant swamp Zalesye,
the swamp's disposal is a huge block of
vast territory, I'll be talking about
Zalesye, here is Moscow, it's all there 9
chebureks so look now it's very
easy to look Now say
say again take the word milk You know the
word milk
That's why the word milk  here in the Ukrainian
language milk is written and milk is read, and the
Russian language has become corrupted and they read
malako Why in the north They say milk
in the north Moscow Why is it from Voronezh, well,
the further south we have And why in Russian
it became a milk of the
area Why come on, where is the
correct language  here it is written Here was
Rus
once they wrote they wrote and read and in
Ukraine they still write milk and read it
they say milk in the villages And in Russia they say
milk or they say
or say
it writes that and reads that for some reason
in our Northern Land
that milk on  in the north, the Russian language is the
official Russian language of those Russians
who appeared in the 19th century, they write,
read how it is possible for us to get a
language
yk is the same as it is written which was preserved But somehow it has changed with you Why is the language also changing this is a non-logism the word yes Well the word milk milk is not a neologism why it is read as it is written in our country and all other words are considered to be written Well, why is it that when I tell you like this, why you say milk and why from that Because when writing came to you from Rus', the local tribes wrote in Russian like that, like now, for example, for example, the Chechen Russian word speaks with an accent as well and there Russians these words were read by Russians with an accent because they could not pronounce, therefore, some can schools the main territory And the bulk and official ones your language is incorrect, spoiled Ukrainian language Well, you agree that it’s stupid to write milk and read milk is not Russian, it is an offshoot of ancient Russian so from which the modern Ukrainian modern Belarusian and modern Russian language came from but  retained the Ukrainian language because it is Ukrainians and live in this territory where this language was in Russia, this language came with missionaries with our scribes who came from the Kyiv Mogilev Academy and from the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra came to your monasteries there they brought this language the language of Rus' ours This one, which is now Ukrainian But you couldn’t Here people they couldn’t pronounce it because they didn’t have such sounds and the inhabitants of Novgorod Smolensk say How are you Yes, and the rest of Russia there isn’t it wasn’t Rus' Smolensk was Russian they then they Yes, it’s all somehow different, that’s exactly what this whole territory of Russia was there Finnish tribes different date by miles which was there when the Muscovite kingdom was And so on and so there the language has changed just like you take for an hour now Russian and he also read with a different accent, the truth is the same. Here it was in the swamp, these takeoffs, a highly developed civilization came more developed because
were still highly technologically advanced there came by letter local local tribes they learned this language But they quarreled a little because they did not perceive If you have an explanation Why did a Russian person become such a spoiled Ukrainian But when you had the word milk they started to read something milk Just when already told your story, you don’t keep silent, it’s not And in what century it happened there the second time I’ll tell it Well Let’s then this topic with the language is already an interesting conversation, yes I like it, we don’t aggress so against each other and different topics touched on the war there and Rus'’s language is generally awesome just maybe ask yes the channel Andrey popok like Andrey popok the channel is called My name is Andrey my last name is popok that’s the name of the channel How many people are watching I don’t know I wasn’t distracted by the chat I’m looking at you at 5000 now now Hello everyone I’m just saying I for example don’t I think that Russians are bad, not bad, I divide them into those who support the imperial war
I don’t support the expansion I don’t support the war I don’t support
Putin in many moments, but I extremely
despise the Ukrainian authorities for which you
recognize the Ukrainian authorities,
I’m wondering, I’m also mine Personally, I just, well, I
think that it
If you voice it ceases to be
personal, this is already  is public then
Justify your opinion to
me as a Ukrainian, why do you despise
my government, which your country attacked, there was
simply no war before
after all, you need to ask the authorities of
Ukraine They were in Chechnya the second Chechen war,
not the first second Yes, it was yes
somehow, regardless of the authorities in Ukraine
yes And Georgia was attacked in 2008 by Russia No
Russia sent its troops to Georgia
then Yes Carried, that is, it turns out
look, we
didn’t have either Poroshenko or Zelensky
deduction attacked others before the country
did not prevent you from doing this warriors the truth of
Russia and the Group  at that moment Russia
attacked Georgia attacked Russia
you completely know that conflict in general
tell your version do you think that
Georgia Greece where it attacked Russia
tell me
there were creative forces there it is where
in Abkhazia what they are Abkhazia
as
called forces what
people who wanted to  Georgia
it was the territory of Georgia
it was the territory of
Georgia How did any Russians appear
there Peacekeepers
you didn’t let me
finish these
Ossetians or before South Ossetia Ossetians they
considered themselves Georgians They always wanted to
share Georgia Clearly believed that these were
their lands and wanted them  to return they had conflicts all the
time, starting there back in the
Soviet era, then Russia
everything was plus or minus without a war until
Saakashvili came to us. That's
sarcasm when it's just
until you came in the fourteenth
year here, too, until you came
for you how  as if we are all so good,
I wonder, and here he, as it were, began
again to try to return these
lands were prov  Ocations That is, the first
aggression Yes, it was Saakashvili
who committed some kind of blow,
then an
interesting question, I see that Russia
is a country making peace, but it came
to defend the Donbass of the peacekeeper to defend
Transnistria Why, for example, don’t you think that there
is an international community  so he
And why, for example, it would be illogical to
invite peacekeepers to the Donbass he yes
Ukraine once suggested this Russia
blocked this veton on this decision
Why Russia, if you see that the Georgians
are so insidious, did not say that let’s
ask questions, he was brought there Yes, the international
contingent for some reason, that is, it turns out
look, Russia is making conflicts everywhere,
like leading a peacekeeper, and now it is also
expanding a conflict there, like for an attack
on a peacekeeper.
it saves
and the whole world the whole world believes that Russia
aggressor and Russia saves everything
from Georgia aggressor no
led his troops on the territory of a foreign
state all
Why me and he
where is Georgia the aggressor according to him
Yes show the document where he recognized Georgia
come on really you have been leading Georgia for some hour the
aggressor according to him where
Come on  we will now google
it doesn’t say
you still say Ukraine in opinion it is an
aggressor further than Syria
it’s harder there because in Syria there is an
official regime.
there are completely different
relationships there,
and in the evening
I’m in this post-Soviet space dishes
Transnistria
in Chechnya, you had a civil war
Although not quite Civil Chechnya
was divided like this, it was the free
republic of Ichkeria,
independence even during the collapse of the USSR, then
you attacked was the first Chechen one, you
signed an agreement before the withdrawal of troops
recognized her and then
deceived Yes and made the second
Chechen  there was in such contact
there was an independent state of Ichkeria,
which is now occupied by the Russian
Federation, who do you think there are tourists
interests there, one of these terrorists
now you have a Hero of Russia Ramzan Kadyrov a
man who killed a Russian who I
killed the first Russian for 16 years received the order
and title of Hero of Russia Here  you, as a
Slav, think this is right,
I’m cold about Kadyrov,
it seems to me that another would probably be afraid to
say yes that he said coldly and badly
when in St. Petersburg
Kadyrov Avenue There, in my opinion, the
nationalists somehow named the bridge the feet were
Rogozin I don’t remember Rogozin then it’s
still like  you know the joke, dad, why do
you have in the picture that you’re not here, I
’m telling him
Okay, let’s have some last question for
me Ask me to answer you to
disperse for a long time, I’ve been sitting so much too
ask
everyone, let’s take
so long before it was
razmolotikov so shot on carved
topics Tanchik  Can you hear me now
I understand Yes,
I love talking When I can x
how to talk somehow because there
are a lot of people in chatroulette who just
start cursing there, but yours was
at least interesting, although you will watch the
video later when your position
seems to me that it turns out very floating
and it turned out very funny,
but
you are the support of the Russian Empire, you
justify the aggression of Russia  against
Moldova Moldova against Georgia against
Ukraine in different sauces just like
Poland justified Germany justified
its aggression against the attack for the
attack on Poland Yes, what was
it that the Poles fired at the
radio station also here